Add vcd_nsxv_firewall_rule resource and data source for advanced edge gateways (#341)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/nsxv_firewall.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "vCloudDirector: vcd_nsxv_firewall"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-data-source-nsxv-firewall"
description: |-

>   Provides a vCloud Director firewall data sourcefor advanced edge gateways (NSX-V). This can be

Author: Thanks, fixed.

  used to read existing rule by ID and use its attributes in other resources.
---

# vcd\_nsxv\_firewall

> Provides a vCloud Director firewall data sourcefor advanced edge gateways (NSX-V). This can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a vCloud Director firewall data source for advanced edge gateways (NSX-V). This can be
```
